life and rift alterations (#623)
urbit/urbit.org: content/using/id/guide-to-breaches.md

There are two kinds of breaches: (personal) **breaches** and **network breaches**.

## Breaches

Ships on the Ames network sometimes need to reset their continuity. A breach is
when an individual ship announces to the network: "I forgot who I am, let's
start over from scratch." That is, it clears its own event log and sends an
announcement to the network, asking all ships that have communicated with it to
reset its networking information in their state. This makes it as though the
ship was just started for the first time again, since everyone on the network
has forgotten about it.

Breaches often fix connectivity issues, but should only be used as a last
resort. Before performing a breach, look at alternative fixes in the [Ship
Troubleshooting](../ship-troubleshooting) guide. Also reach out for help in the
Help channel in the Urbit Community group `~bitbet-bolbel/urbit-community`, or,
failing that, in the `#ship-starting-support` channel in our [Discord

> server](https://discord.gg/n9xhMdz) to see if there is another option.

Reviewer: You may or may not be able to strengthen the call-to-action here by explicitly saying that (ignoring the blatant user-error case) needing to breach is usually a bug, and reaching out could help us fix it going forward.

> There are two types of breaches - one where your Ethereum ownership address

Reviewer: Looking at this again, "two types of breaches" feels a little bit misleading. It's more like, "you can breach when you own a thing/change its keys, and you can also breach during a transfer of the thing". I don't think this changes much about the instructions below, they're still two separate _flows_, so maybe this is a bit nitpicky.

- Delete your keyfile after successfully booting.
- Rejoin your favorite chat channels and subscriptions.

## Network Breaches

Network breaches were events where all ships on the network were required to
update to a new continuity era. Network breaches happened when an Arvo update
was released that could not be implemented via an [OTA
update](@/docs/glossary/ota-updates.md). The continuity era is given by an
integer in Ames that is incremented when the network breaches. Only ships with
the same such value are able to communicate with one another. The most recent

> network breach occurred in December 2020, and we expect it to be the final one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
network breach occurred in December 2020, and we expect it to have been the final one.
```

maybe?
